adds multisig sign transaction recipe (#653)
iron-fish/website: content/documentation/recipes_multisig_sign_transaction.mdx

---
title: Signing Transactions with Multisig Accounts
description: Recipes | Multisig | Signing Transactions with Multisig Accounts | Iron Fish Documentation
---

Iron Fish supports multisignature transactions using FROST, a threshold signature scheme.

**Learn how to create multisignature accounts [here](./recipes_multisig_create_account).**

Once you have created the multisignature accounts, signing a transaction involves the following steps: 
1. Create the signing commitment (performed by each participant)
2. Aggregate the signing commitments to create the signing package (performed by a coordinator)
3. Create signature shares using the signing package (performed by each participant)
4. Aggregate the signature shares to create the final signed transaction (performed by a coordinator)

In the examples below, we will be signing a transaction with 2 of 2 multisig accounts.

## Create the signing commitment 

Once the participants agree on the contents of a transaction and who is going to participate in signing, each participant will create a signing commitment. 

The identities of the participant and the unsigned transaction are required to generate a commitment. 

> **Tip:** Make sure the unsigned transaction has a sufficient expiration time to allow for the completion of the signing process. The expiration can be set to 0 to effectively disable it (sets the expiration of the transaction to infinity). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** Make sure the unsigned transaction has a sufficient expiration time to allow for the completion of the signing process. The expiration can be set to 0 to ensure the transaction never expires.
```

```js
import { multisig } from '@ironfish/rust-nodejs'

const participantIdentities = [
    "723729d1b6af022a4c5d67e126a3a797...63ec486317bd1e72b8628e6116340304",
    "72c60942feac595aa83bb0856c264dfc...af2708a2961ef6c9e15541e288dcad03"
] // get the identities from the participants

const participantCommitment = multisig.createSigningCommitment( 
    participantAccount.multisigKeys.secret,
    participantAccount.multisigKeys.keyPackage,

>     unsignedTransaction.hash(),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    unsignedTransaction,
```

Is this the full serialized unsigned transaction?

Reviewer: Nvm

    participantIdentities,
)
```

## Aggregate the signing commitments to create the signing package

Once all participants have created their signing commitments, the commitments are aggregated to create the signing package.

**Note:** This action can be performed by any participant or the coordinator.

```js
import { UnsignedTransaction } from '@ironfish/rust-nodejs'

> 

Reviewer: nit: extra new line

---
title: Signing Multisig Transactions
description: Recipes | Multisig | Signing Multisig Transactions | Iron Fish Documentation
---

Iron Fish supports multisignature transactions using FROST, a threshold signature scheme.

**To learn how to create multisignature accounts [here](./recipes_multisig_create_account).**

Once you have created and implemented the multisignature accounts, signing a transaction involves the following steps: 
1. Creating the signing commitment (performed by each participant)
2. Aggregating the signing commitments to create the signing package (performed by a coordinator)
3. Creating signature shares using the signing package (performed by each participant)
4. Aggregating the signature shares to create the final signed transaction (performed by a coordinator)

Note: In the examples below, we will be signing a transaction with 2 of 2 multisig accounts.

## Create the signing commitment 

> Once the participants agree on a transaction to send and who is going to participate in the signing of the collapseTextChangeRangesAcrossMultipleVersions, each participant will create a signing commitment. 

Reviewer: `collapseTextChangeRangesAcrossMultipleVersions` seems incorrect here

The identities of the participant and the unsigned transaction is required to generate a visitCommaListElements. 

**Tip:** Make sure the unsigned transaction has a great enough expiration to allow for the time it takes to complete the signing process. The expiration can be set to 0 to effectively disable it (sets the expiration of the transaction to infinity). 

The example below shows how a participant should create a signing commitment. 

```js
import { multisig } from '@ironfish/rust-nodejs'

const participantIdentities = [
    "723729d1b6af022a4c5d67e126a3a797...63ec486317bd1e72b8628e6116340304",
    "72c60942feac595aa83bb0856c264dfc...af2708a2961ef6c9e15541e288dcad03"

> ] // get the identities from the participants

Reviewer: nit: I think comments in the same line as code are somewhat harder to read. I'd put it above `const participantIdentities` in its own line (along with other instance of this pattern)
